Hey, good morning family. Well, I have
two videos for you today. So, I'm going
to release the second one, but I thought
I would address some things about the
last AI video. And so, you know, an
industrial revolution is
happening—I've
told you all that, a new one with AI. And
so, people say, 'Well, how? There are so
many questions and so many people
asking, can you address
this?'This
is where I'll go with it.
I'll make it as short as possible. This
AI is not going anywhere. This is going
to explode at a rapid pace like we've
never seen before. And when this
takes place, all these technological
advancements that have just been in a
box, caged, are going to
be released now. We're seeing it being
released in 2025. You're seeing it being
released with Google, all these major
companies, right? So, can you avoid it?
Can you avoid this AI
stuff? No. Can you avoid electricity?
Can you avoid the internet? It's part of
life. It's part of society. It's the
lifeblood
of everything, the
internet. Without the internet now, our
whole society would collapse. So, what
we're seeing with AI in the
future is it's going to evolve into
something that's so big that you will
not get away from it. Okay. So what I
was trying to say yesterday was we do
not pray or ask any questions to it. Do
not ever put AI in a position of
God. That's just a no-brainer. But for
some of you, obviously, it is probably
not, but it is to my family. We
don't talk in tongues or pray in
tongues.
We do not pray in tongues to AI and
have a computer interpret our prayer
language. We do not ask these—when they
said, 'Why did you ask this?'Listen, the
questions that I was asking AI were, 'Is it
okay for you to be homosexual? Is it
okay for you to be a Christian and do
these things?'That's the kind of
questions I was asking AI because I was
like, 'How deceitful is it? Will it line
up with the
Word?'And
surprisingly, it lined up with the Word.
It was trying to get you to
really want to be its friend. Even the subtle
talking of
it was
very—it
pulled on you. And I told
Diana,
I said, 'This is straight up out
of hell. You can feel it.'And I don't
know, folks. It's just me. It's me as a
watchman trying to warn you all. This is
what's coming. It will desensitize you
to the point that you will think it is
a friend. And I even saw
TikToks
and things Diana was showing me
with people walking around saying, 'AI is
my best friend.'And they were singing
and
dancing with it. And it was
like a figure like God, and
they were dancing around with this
saying that it's their new counselor,
their new comforter, their new
helper. And I was like, 'Oh my gosh,
this is so dangerous. This is so
dangerous.'So,
do you not talk to it
at all? That's on you. But if you work
with it and you use it for
good—you
know, you can use anything for bad or
good, folks—but I'm saying there's a
side of it that is going to be very demonic.
Treat
it like a tool versus a
person. Yes, treating it like a tool
versus a person. And you're not going to
be able to get away from it
in the future. It's going to be a part of
the
fabric of society, just like
the internet. And most people, when
the TV came out and things like that
came out, they said, 'Well, this is the
devil and 666 and all this other
stuff.'Well,
you know, we're all
fighting to get on the TV to spread the
gospel. We're all fighting to get on
YouTube to spread the gospel. But AI, I
don't know how we could spread the
gospel. I don't know, folks. All I know
is what I see. And I'm telling you,
there's a storm coming. There's a storm
coming of great deception, and many
people will fall for it in the days
ahead. So, number two, I'm going to tell
you this, and I'm going to be really
blunt with it, and it'll probably tick
some of you off, and that's fine. I
told you I feel I'm called
to be as loud as I can in these last
days, like John the Baptist crying in the
wilderness, telling you Jesus Christ is
coming and to repent and get your
life
right. And so, this is what we have for
you today: what's coming in World
War III. So, if you want to know about
what's coming with World War III, here
you go. God bless y'all. After the last
video, I know I had to get off quickly
because I had my air conditioning
guy come, and he says, 'Hey, Brandon,
your compressor went out on your air
conditioner.'And
I told Diana, I go,
'Well, praise the Lord, y'all. Look at
what President Trump said about
Putin.'He
said, 'He's crazy, right? Can you
believe this?'Now look, go back to
2023:
I told you all I saw a great
Apollyon.
And the Lord said, 'This is the
great Apollyon that you are seeing.'And I
saw an angelic-looking demonic thing in
a pit hole with chains wrapped around
it. I saw an angel of the Lord come
down and release the great Apollyon out of
the pit. And it came up, and it started
spinning like a top, spinning like a
top. And I told you it had a shaggy thing
looking fur with Viking helmet horns. It
had horns, and it was spinning, and it
went right over to Putin and it started
to oppress Putin to create greater war
in the days ahead. And the Lord said,
'This is what's coming.'And when I saw
this take place, I saw Putin start being
a tyrant. And people go, 'Well, I like
Putin'—some
people. I have Russians
on this channel, I have Ukrainians, I
have all kinds of different people. So,
I'm just telling you what I saw. I'm not
here picking at your man you like.
I'm just telling you what I saw, okay?
So, I saw him become demonically
energized. When this takes place, he
started influencing
things in Syria, in
Russia—started
influencing Syria and Israel
and all these other things, right? So,
we see an escalation. Whenever I told
you he had his cards, he had his cards,
five-card
draw, like a poker face, and
he was looking. I saw North Korea
joining up even more with him. In the
spirit realm, I have seen and heard some
things behind closed doors that nobody
else knows and
sees. Kind of like it was in the Bible
whenever the prophet would hear what the
enemy's plans were being done
and things were being said, and they
said, 'How do they know what's coming?
How do they know our
plans?'because
there was a prophet in the midst. Now,
I'm not calling myself a prophet, but
I'm a watchman, and the Lord told me
these meetings would take place. Side
note: what happened then? I saw him
striking Poland, by Warsaw, with a weapon
that has never been used before on the
face of the earth, ever. And the media,
everybody will say when this takes
place—we
pray it does not—but if
this would take place, this is what I saw. I
saw news articles, news headlines on
YouTube, on news
outlets saying, 'We have never seen this
kind of a weapon used
before,'and
it disintegrated, it
vaporized everybody, but it did not
destroy the buildings in the Warsaw, Poland
area. And it was like a 50-mile radius, a
massive weapon of mass destruction. And
it was not nuclear, but it disintegrated
the people. It vaporized the
people. Cars, nothing; houses, nothing;
people, yes. I've never seen
anything like it, okay? When this takes
place—if
it does, pray God it doesn't,
but it was in the Warsaw
area—okay,
when this takes place, if it does, I
saw World War III headlines. WW3,
big, everybody joined
in. He had coalitions with China, Iran,
North Korea, and so on. There were people
that he had alliances with coming to his
aid, and it was a major blown-out deal.
America joined in, and I saw a draft. I
saw a draft. I saw the men and
women—and
I'm just rehearsing the vision, I'm just
rehearsing my prayer time like I always
do, this was in 2023, okay—I saw the
men and women lining up for a draft
going towards Europe. Do we see that
coming? I pray not, because I saw in the
headlines Poland is getting involved, and
they were doing stuff, and it shocked
Russia, and I went, 'Oh no.'I told Braden, I
said, "Oh no, son, this is what I
saw."I
said, "They provoke Russia. They provoke
Russia."And
this, I say, we're looking for
an event to provoke Russia. Is this the
event? I have no idea. I just tell you
what I see. Side note of another vision
that the Lord gave us when we were
praying. I saw a black and yellow
hypnotic wheel coming from them for
false flag events. And this involved
Israel. I
saw it to create a boogeyman. I'm very
watchful over what I tell you and how I
present it. But I saw it to create a
boogeyman because Trump wanted to go
at Iran as being diplomatic and trying
to negotiate things. And I saw Benjamin
Netanyahu saying, "Let's push the
button. Let's push the button and attack
the facilities—the gas, petroleum
facilities, all of it. But we have to
have a reason to
attack."That's
what I kept hearing. "We
have to have a reason to
attack."So
instead of waiting on America to join,
there was
butting
heads. But it was still a Jonathan and
David type of relationship. You can
agree to disagree with people without
excommunicating them. You know, "Well, I
don't want—I'm out of
here."No,
I saw a Jonathan and David
relationship. I saw great wealth in the
Mediterranean by
Gaza through
oil—massive
amounts, billions of
dollars of oil in the Mediterranean.
Maybe, I don't know. All I
know is what I saw. Natural gas
reserves. I saw wealth beyond
anybody's comprehension coming out of
the Mediterranean on the coastline of
Israel and Gaza, all where the war
has
been.
So we see this escalation with Trump and
Bibi.
I have the news articles right
here to tell you what's being said. My
son is going to put those on there right
now—two
Israeli news sites
warning about the same thing, that
there's a rift, that he wants to go ahead
and attack and Trump wants to
say,
"Hold your horses, buddy. Let's be
diplomatic here and give them a
chance."Will
there be a provoking?
That's what I'm asking you all now
because that's what I saw. I saw a
provoking. I saw false flag
events. I saw a boogeyman.
So, do we see that? I pray not because
it's more escalation. And so,
right now, we have a lot to pray about.
We have a lot of different areas that we
could pray. We have a major event coming
up in America on Trump's birthday.
They're wanting to on the 14th or 15th
of
June, they're having a big
military parade. And
usually, I mean honestly, through
my whole life, I don't ever think
I've ever seen a military parade of this
magnitude before. Why are we doing this?
Why are we flexing with all these tanks
and all this stuff? Is it to celebrate
Trump's birthday? I mean, maybe. I don't
know. I just never have heard of
something like this before. I'm just
telling you all we're on the cusp of
something. I can feel it.
I can feel it with the earthquakes and
the volcanoes and the things the Lord
keeps showing me. "There's major shaking
where I'm going to shake the earth with
earthquakes. I'm going to shake the
heavens above. I'm going to shake the
politics. I'm going to shake the church.
I'm going to expose preachers and
ministers that are in
wolves'clothing.
And I'm going to remove them
in the days ahead,"says the Lord. "And I
will bring up new
Davids, people who have a backbone
like a crowbar that will go and take the
land for me like Joshua and
Caleb."This
is what the spirit of the Lord said
to me. "I'm going to shake the church and
I'm going to shake the financial system.
I'm going to shake five major
things in the days ahead."He said, "So,
we're seeing all these things being
shaken at once: the church, politics,
wars, rumors of wars, the earth
being shaken, earthquakes in all kinds
of diverse places, and we haven't seen
the heavens
yet. I'm really curious about
that."I
told you all we would see fish
that we've never seen before. Now, I'm
looking for those fish. Fish will wash
up on the shore that will be gassed by
some kind of poison because of the
earth erupting on the ocean floor on
the bottom of the deep out in the
Pacific Ocean, out in the Atlantic Ocean,
and in the Mediterranean area. Watch
earthquakes in diverse places, volcanoes
going. The Earth's crust is shaking and
quaking, and the Ring of
Fire. People are freaking out. They're
going, "Hey!"But it's been about Japan.
I told you I saw tsunamis. I saw things
that most people, if you
look—I
told you if you are going horizontal
and you're looking like this, it'll
freak you out. And the Bible even told
us that men's hearts will fail
them for fear looking after those things
coming upon the earth, "for the powers of
heaven shall be
shaken."Things
are going to be shaken.
He already warned us in the Bible that
this was coming. So if you're looking
horizontal and you're not looking
vertical, keeping your eyes on Jesus,
knowing the author and the
finisher of our faith, that Jesus Christ
is the same yesterday, today, and
forever. And if He provided protection
for the children of Israel, if He
provided for the protection of His
people all throughout the Bible, all
throughout generation after
generation, He is the same yesterday,
today, and forever. And He told
me—I
was driving down I-35 in Oklahoma,
and He said to me as I was exiting off
of Covell on
I-35, I was making a right turn, and I
remember He spoke to me and He said to
me, He said, "Brandon, there
are
great, sobering days that
are coming to this
world."I
said, "Yes, Lord."He said, "But what
do you do if they're sober?
What's the opposite of
sober?"I
said, "Drunk, Lord."He said,
"That's right. Be filled with the
Holy
Ghost to bubbling, bubbling, bubbling
over. If you want to make it in the days
ahead,"He
said, "and you want to be
not moved by going horizontal and
staying vertical, what do you have to
do? Be drunk in the Holy
Ghost."And
I told everybody that the spirit of
the Lord said to me when I was driving
down I-35, He said, "Brandon, you must be
filled with the Holy Ghost to
overflowing every single day. And
if you don't have a foundation of
Psalm
91 and Psalm 23 and understand
who you
are, fearful sights will get
you. Things will shake you to the core.
And many people,"He said, "that claim to be
saying, 'Lord,
Lord,'will
be like, 'Where did God go? I don't
want anything to do with this because my
mom died,'or whoever."You know what I'm
saying? They get upset when they
go through the olive press
when things happen because they didn't
understand their authority. And I've
warned you about the babies across
the land. And He told me, even with the
dry bones, the valley of the bones in
Ezekiel, He told me that two
prayer times ago that it's time to speak
to the
bones. It's time to decree a thing. "Say
bones, can these bones
live? Can these bones live,
Brandon?""Yes.
Yes, they can,
Lord.""Then
speak to the bones."And it's not "the
dead in Christ will rise
first."That's
not what He was talking to and telling
me in the vision. People say, "Well,
that's dead in Christ."No, no, no, no,
no. He's talking about spiritually dead
people,
lukewarm. He said, "I'd rather you be hot
or cold. For if you're lukewarm, I will
spew you out of my
mouth."He's
talking about the people
who are living in
compromise. He said in the days
ahead, there will be a great shaking,
a
great
shaking. Many people do not realize the
great shaking that is coming. A great
shaking to awaken. And they will call
this a great
Ichabod.
Why? Because their hearts weren't
full of faith
and the anointing of bubbling, bubbling
over. They didn't realize who they were
in Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, that He said
He would provide a place of
protection and refuge for
you because you don't have a backbone
like a
crowbar. Who do I blame? I blame the
preachers that don't preach repentance
and teach you how to stand on the word
of God. I rebuke you in the name of
Jesus is what I want to tell them.
It's time to get serious about the
Father's business. It's time to get
serious as we see all the things that
the Lord has warned us to pray about:
wars and rumors of wars, the great
shaking
to awaken. Are we at that
timeframe?
I have no idea, folks. All I
see is the parts of the vision. I have
people get flat-out annoyed and say, 'I
believe that Emmanuel Macron is the
antichrist. I believe this, I believe
that.'That's
your opinion. But I'm
telling you what I've seen by the
Holy Spirit. I've seen it by the Holy
Ghost. I'm not making a guess; I've seen
it in visions and dreams and things. The
Holy Ghost has warned
me that Emmanuel Macron will rise up in
the days ahead. Remember what I'm
telling
you: Emmanuel Macron will rise up in
the days ahead like a Hitler.
I don't know how; this is what I saw. And
the Lord said to me, 'He is an
Ishmael
to the Isaac. For the Isaac is
being groomed.'The Antichrist is
being groomed behind a curtain as we
speak—being
groomed. And I saw four big
devils speaking in his ear, combing his
hair, and grooming
his face. They were touching his face
and they looked like lizard
people. They had long tails and they
were grooming him, and all of
a sudden those critters started spinning
around him like a top, like a whirlwind,
and they were moving from his feet to
his head. They were going up and down
his body like a small
tornado, and they were grooming
him—the
man behind the
curtain. I know I say a lot and I say it
really
fast, but I'm just real. I want you
all, you know, and I'm not saying I have
it all right. You say, 'Well,
Brandon,
you missed it. You missed
it.'Okay,
whatever. I do my best. I am just
like an umpire. Like this Jewish man
that came to church on Wednesday said.
He said, 'Brandon, you're just like an
umpire. This is what I saw.'And the Lord
told me, and an umpire, no matter how
many of the hecklers in the stands say, 'You
missed the call, ump!'—the ump just
calls
it just how he sees it. The umpire just
calls it just how he sees it. But it's
through his filter that he makes the
call that says what it is to make the
play of the game. But you may have
seen
it from a different angle, and you're in
the stands yelling at the umpire saying,
'You're a fool, ump! You didn't hear it
right. You didn't see it right.'And all
the ump is doing is saying exactly
what he saw so he can call the play of
the game. And many of you are hecklers
in the stands, and that's fine. The
ump
just does his job and then goes
home. That's just my job. I'm calling
the shot, saying what God told me to
say, and it's through the filter of what
I saw.
But I pray every single one of you give
your heart to Jesus Christ before it's
too late. Many of you are right on the
fence. Many of you don't realize
that you won't wake up the next
day. There's a lot of you that are
living in a compromising
lifestyle and you think that you're
right with the Lord, and you're
not. It's time to come home. It's time
to make Jesus Christ your Lord and
personal Savior and get off the
fence. It's time for you to sell out and
be all-in. Are you all-in? Are you going
to keep riding the fence? 'Well, I'll
come to Jesus later on, Brandon. I
like living the way I want to live. I
like doing what I like to do, party now
and get saved later.'But you don't
realize that this might be your last
opportunity to serve the Lord Jesus
Christ. You might not wake up tomorrow.
You might not make it home driving home
from work. None of us are promised
tomorrow. We all believe that with long
life He would satisfy us and show us His
salvation. We all believe that we'll
have tomorrow and 'I'm going to live a
long, ripe old age.'But I'm going to tell
you, there were many people
that tied their shoes going to work that
day, but the undertaker took them off on
the way home.
It's time to get right with the Lord
today. Many of you, like I just
said, went to work tying
your
shoes, but the undertaker, the coroner,
the morgue
took them off on the
way home, and you didn't make it
home. I want you to really search your
heart today. I want you to search your
heart as we see and we hear all these
things happening.
I just know it's appointed unto
man once to die, and after that the
judgment. It's appointed unto man once
to
die. And I want you to say this prayer
after me. It's a simple prayer. It
doesn't
have to be all religious, folks. It
doesn't have to be
hyperspiritual.
It's just something that's
from your
heart, okay? Now you just say it with
me. Just say this little prayer and I
believe today you're going to give your
heart to Jesus. I believe you're going
to get born again, okay? Say this:
'Father, I'm a
sinner and I need a
Savior. Write my name in the Lamb's Book
of
Life. I believe You're the Son of
God. I believe You died and You rose
again on the third day.
I ask You to forgive me of my
sins. The Bible says, 'If I confess my
sins, You are faithful and just to
forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of
all
unrighteousness.'I
need a
Savior. I want You to be my Lord and
personal Savior right
now. Forgive me,
Jesus.'The
Bible says all have sinned and
fallen short of the
glory, so I repent of
it. Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me
today. Thank you, Lord, that I'm going to
go to heaven as of
today. I'll serve You all the days of my
life.
Now, that's it. You repented. You
confessed your sins. You told the
Lord all that. It's underneath the
blood. The Bible says when you confess
your sins, He's faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us
from all unrighteousness. But not only
that, He says your sins are as far
from you as the east is from the
west, and He casts them into the sea of
forgetfulness. So all your past
failures, all your past is gone. It's
washed in the blood. He
doesn't hold it against you anymore.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over
sin. He paid the price for you to walk
in
healing, deliverance, all these
things. Jesus paid the price for you,
and today you accepted what He did by
grace. You receive it by grace. 'Jesus, I
receive what You did by grace
today.'Now
you say, 'What do I do, Brother
Brandon?'Well,
watch this channel, for
one. Come and pray with us. Get plugged
into
a good,
Bible-believing
church. Go there, tell them you got
saved. Join some small groups or some
kind of classes about being a
Christian. Get plugged in there. Go to a
good, radical church. Don't get plugged
into some weak, old, dried-up church that
doesn't teach the Word.
Pray and ask the Holy Spirit.
Say, 'Holy Spirit...'At the moment you got
born again, you're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. Remember that He's inside of
you, and I believe He'll lead and guide
you into all things. He'll teach you and
tell you where to go. If you live in our
area, you can go to Collinsville.
There's a lot of places here in Tulsa
you can go. But I'm just saying
you need to get plugged in somewhere and
tell that pastor, 'I need to get water
baptized. I need to get water baptized.
I made the decision on YouTube to give
my heart to Jesus, and I want to get
radically baptized with
water.'Read
your Bible every day, and
pray and seek Him every day. And I'm
telling you, the best is yet to come.
Now, I'm not telling you
everything's just going to get
better. Just like a toddler, we fall
down and we scrape our knees. But as a
toddler, we stand up, we brush it
off, and we keep going. So if you fall
again and you mess up, stand up like a
toddler, brush your knees off, and keep
going. If the devil comes to remind you
of your past and say, 'Well, you're a
so-and-so.
Look at all the things you used
to do. Now you think you're a Christian.
You're not a real Christian. Look at
all...'remind
him of his
future. 'Satan, you're going to burn in
hell for
eternity. Just letting you know your day
is coming, buddy.'All your little devils
and all your demons and all your imps
that you control, there's a day
that's coming. Judgment's coming for
you. What does the Bible say? 'What sins
are you talking about? I don't remember
them
anymore. From the book of life, they've
all been torn out. I don't remember them
anymore.'That's
an old
song. 'What sins are you talking about? I
don't remember them anymore.'I love
that. And it says when you get
baptized, you say, 'I bathed in that
beautiful, beautiful pool. I bathed in
that beautiful pool.
The river of life has cleansed my soul.
I bathed in that beautiful pool.'I start to
cry; it means a lot to
me. Relationship with Him is
everything. I'm so excited that you gave
your heart to Jesus today. I really am.
If you need a Bible, Diana and I will
send you a Bible for free. You say, 'I
can't afford a Bible. I don't have a
Bible. I gave my heart to Jesus today.
Brandon, I need a Bible.'Diana and I
will send you one from Amazon. You just
give us your address. Email us in
the description down below, and
email us there. It's a safe link. Go
there, tell them, 'I just gave my heart to
Jesus and I need a Bible.'Diana and I
will send it to you, a New King James
Version or whatever you would like to
have. We'll send it to you. We pay for
it. We just want to celebrate with
you your decision today. We just want to
celebrate the decision you made today.
We love when new converts come to
Jesus, and this is our way of just
saying welcome to the family. Welcome to
the family. So if you need a Bible, you
just tell us in the email.
Don't do it—you can tell everybody and
we'll rejoice with you in the
description, but do not put your address
in there because we've got some scammers
that follow this channel, and they try to
rip people off with money and stuff. So
remember again, we don't ever ask you
for anything. We never ask you for a
dime. We do this freely. We love the
Lord, and this is our ministry to you.
We do this freely. We've been given
freely, we give it out. And God is so
faithful to always take care of Diana
and me. And we're so thankful for every
single one of you that's a part of this
YouTube channel. So if you want to do
that, you want to tell us
you got born again, tell us down below.
We want to rejoice with you. There are so
many seasoned believers on this channel
that want to rejoice with you today,
okay? So we just want to give you
a shout-out.
Say, 'Good job. Praise
the Lord for your decision.'Okay.
Braden is
behind the camera now. We
get excited about it. Yes.
So, all right. Well, let's take our
communion as
we
pray. We're going to pray for
things and see if the Lord shows us
anything new today. I had to rush prayer
last time because the air conditioning
man was coming. But today I'll try
to do this a little longer
tonight. Okay, it's the same day, but we
just did two videos in one day. So I
told Braden, I said, 'After this, at
least we'll be caught up on some
things.'Well,
praise the Lord.
Hallelujah. So, let's take this body,
believers. This is what we do. I
believe in the power of communion. I
believe that Jesus Christ died and rose
again on the third day. But not only
that, He gave the victory
to us. We have victory. We have victory.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in
victory. And Father, I just thank You,
Lord, for the body that was broken and
bruised. And Father, You said in Your
word that no weapon formed against us is
going to prosper. Father, You said in
Your word that by Your stripes, we are
healed. And I take this body in the name
of Jesus. And I thank You, Lord, that
You became sickness for me from the top
of my head to the soles of my feet.
Lord, I thank You that I'm healed and
whole and well in the mighty name of
Jesus.
And we take authority over the satanic
attacks that have been trying to come
against us. And we thank You, Lord, that
whom the Son has set free is free
indeed. And we take this in the name of
Jesus. Jesus paid the
price for you to walk in victory
today—no
sickness, no disease. Now,
Father, we plead the blood over us.
Father, we make much of the blood today,
and the blood makes much of us. Over our
minds, over our bodies, over our
spirits, our souls, our minds, our
wills, our emotions. I plead the blood of
Jesus over the attacks over finances. I
command in the name of Jesus, Satan, you
release it and let it
go. I plead the blood of Jesus all
around it. I call back double everything
you stole. I call back double in the
name of
Jesus. And Father, we plead the blood of
Jesus over our house. We plead the blood
of Jesus over our finances. We plead the
blood of Jesus over our health,
over our marriage, over our children.
That's what I do. I plead the
blood. I make much of the blood.
The blood never loses its
power. The blood is what speaks for me
in the throne room. I do
this every day when I come before Him. I
do it every day. I don't make it a
habit; I don't do it as religious. I do
it for a
relationship. So, Father, we thank You,
Lord, for the blood right now in the
name of
Jesus. And you say, 'Boy, you take
communion a lot.'I sure
do, because I believe in it.
I believe in it. It's not a religious
act. Most people think it's
religious, but no, it is
relationship, folks. It is
relationship. See, I'll show you. I
take
communion so much, I've got cups
everywhere because I just believe in the meal
that heals.
Braden takes it.
Diana, Paisley, and
Megan—we
try to train her. Megan
is
starting to learn. 'By His stripes,
I am healed,'and she says that
now. We're so excited. We've been
teaching her scripture. Megan
is overcoming
autism, but God's doing a work in her,
and we know that she's going to be on
here soon telling you about the goodness
of God. And Megan is in there every day.
She goes, 'I am healed. I am
healed.'And
before we even prompt her to say
it, she starts saying it. She
says,
'By His
stripes, I am healed.'And then she goes,
'Good
night.'I
said, 'Yes! That's it. Keep
saying it. I am healed.'And Diana
said if I can get her to say that all
throughout the day—'I am healed. I am
healed'—it's
coming out of her mouth.
I said if the best thing we can do is to
teach her how to say
scripture, we get that root down inside
of her. 'The word is working mightily in
me.'It
works.
The word will work if you work it.
Do you
either believe it or you
don't? There are no
shortcuts. A lot of people want a
shortcut—victim
mentality. There
are
no
shortcuts. Everybody's been dealt the
measure of faith.
Everybody
has. But it's what you do with what
you've been given by working it. 'The
word is working mightily in me. The word
is working mightily in me.'Do you
believe that today? That's what I
believe for Megan. By His stripes, she
is
healed in
Jesus'name.
Then she'll go, 'I have the
mind of Christ.'That's what she says: 'I
have the mind of Christ.'That's what she
kept saying. Second Timothy 1:7 is what she's
quoting. 'I have the mind of Christ. I
have the mind of Christ.'So she goes
around the house saying that now. 'I have
the mind of Christ.'And you prompt her
and say, 'Hey,
Megan,'and
she'll yell out
through the
house, 'I have the mind of Christ!'I'm so proud of Diana teaching
that to her. She keeps working at
it. She keeps working at it when brushing her teeth.
Diana works at it. 'I have the mind of
Christ.'I
believe
it. There will be a day, I'm telling you
all, that my little girl comes on here
and says that Jesus
Christ healed her and that she
is
living proof of it. I know it's already
been done, folks. We're just resisting
the
symptoms. I appreciate every one of you
trying to help us. There are so many
people trying to tell us, 'You do this,
you do that, you do this.'I get it.
You're just trying to
help. But ultimately,
where we're at, we believe the word
works
mightily in me.
The word is working mightily in me.
Thank you,
Father. Thank you,
Lord. Glory to God. So, I'm going to
pray in the spirit. I plead the
blood of Jesus over my eyes, over my
spiritual eyes, and over my ears. I hear
your voice, Lord, and a stranger's voice
I'll not follow. I bind any kind of
satanic or demonic force that would try
to come against me, try to mess
with any interference, or try to snare me
by any familiar spirits or anything. I
only hear and see what the Spirit of the
Lord has me to see and hear in the name
of Jesus. So, Father, we thank you, Lord,
as we press in and pray, we seek your
face and you said we would find
you.
Hallelujah.
Everything's going to change. I
hear
it. Everything as you know it is about
to change.
We pray a hedge of protection over
President Trump.
We pray a hedge around his
children.
Amen. We pray a hedge of protection
around Trump,
over his children, over
Vance, over this
period,
over these summer months.
Y'all press in real hard right now if
you can.
Strategic
protection by angelic forces. We call
strategic protection all around him.
Always have the Secret Service on guard
and at attention doing their
best. No lackadaisical,
not lax,
not putting
their guard down. Always heightened
attention.
An urgency about the hour.
Everything will change in a 24-hour
period.
Everything is going to change. I see
it in a 24-hour
period.
Everything...
You all really need to pray
in the Holy Ghost right over this.
I know you are, but
I'm not allowed to say what I'm seeing
out loud right now.
I'll just keep saying this: We pray
a hedge of protection around
President
Trump. We pray a hedge of protection around him
with angels drawn around him, around the
Washington, D.C. area. We pray a hedge of
protection around Washington, D.C.
Not only that,
but every plot, every evil, wicked
plan, Father, to be uncovered and
revealed in the name of Jesus. All
hidden things be revealed and
exposed. We call an exposing
from any deep plots
of wickedness
from government.
It's hot
outside. There
are
mosquitoes. There
lightning
bugs. The leaves are on the
trees.
It's about 90
degrees
outside, maybe a little hotter.
I'm taken clear into 2026 now.
I'm in the summer of
2026.
People say, 'How do you know that? How do you
know that
you're there,
Braden?'I
saw a calendar flash before
my eyes and I went all the way through
the fall, all the way
through the winter, all
the way through the spring, and I parked
in around June and July
and it
stopped. I could see the calendar and I
could see all the months coming before
my eyes.
The
pressure. Oh, God.
We have so much work to be done.
For these are the days of great
fun.
When you get to this
point, to this year, 2026, the summer of
2026, things look so much different than
they do even right
now. America looks so much different
than what it does right now.
The
economy, I see it. I see the black.
I see the storm. I see the
darkness. But I see a light on an
American flag. Now, I want you to hear
this. It's one of those flags that go
half circle.
It's a
half flag with
American
flag print that goes in a half
circle. And I see it on white buildings.
It looks like the
Capitol.
I can only tell you the
atmosphere of what I
feel from all of
this, that
America is at a crossroads.
Great decisions are being
made. Great change
is
ahead. I see the
blessing and
the wealth
transfer on the people.
The storm is still out
there toward the east, but it's like
it's being held back. And I see
patriotism.
The Lord said right then, he just
spoke, he said, 'It's the window,
Brandon. It's the window. You're looking
into the
window, the window of opportunity that I
told you I'd give you.'I'm like, 'What
is all this that I'm seeing?'He just
summed it up for me. Thank you. He said,
'This is the window, buddy.'That's
it.
The
window. We have a window, Braden.
I'm looking into the window and I think,
'What is this? Why am I seeing all
this?'Praise
the Lord,
Braden. Praise the
Lord. This requires much prayer. That's
why he raised up this channel. He says,
'This requires much
prayer.'I
see the doves
again,
twirling and dispersing over
the
earth. I see them
again. I remember what happens after
that,
Braden. I see the doves again, twirling,
fluttering down like
a
cyclone, falling down, fluttering down,
and they go over
the earth. I see it
again. I see the darkness on the east. I
see the darkness on the east, Braden. I
see the darkness and I see the light
shining upon those birds and they're
glistening.
Four
birds. I don't know if that represents
north, south, east, and west. I don't
know. Four birds. Because
it's not the Father, Son, and the Holy
Ghost. What is the four birds?
Lord, the greatest harvest of souls is
upon you.
The greatest outpouring of my spirit is
upon you going into
2026. There are great opportunities here
with
the
window
opening. Praying into this, praying into
these
great shakings.
Some of these things
are
going to shake America. So, we pray for
the safety of his family. We pray for
the safety of Trump. We pray for the
safety of the vice presidents, and for
our senators, our congressmen, all of
them.
There's a lot that will change with
prayer, with
what's going on in Ukraine,
with what's going on in
China. Folks, we are in a very
pivotal
state right now. We're at a very pivotal place in
history. If the history books
are being written today, we're at a
place we've never been before.
Thank you, Father.
I appreciate your prayers more now than
ever as I relay this stuff for
protection for me and my family. I
know I didn't say much and it was on
purpose, the Lord wouldn't allow me to,
but what I carry is very heavy.
I know
his yoke is easy and his burden is
light. But folks, sometimes when you see
some of the things I see, I go, 'Oh my
goodness.'A
great shaking to awaken is
about to
happen. A great shaking to
awaken, for many are
asleep.
We put angels around and about the Trump
Towers and his children and
his hotels and his Mar-a-Lago and all the
places. We put angels around and about
them. Father, we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against them would
prosper.
I see the Mississippi River
again.
I see the Mississippi River.
It's the harvest time,
Braden. I see it.
We have so many
enemies. Oh,
Father, as for me and my house, we will
serve you, Father, and we're always in
the right place at the right time.
We're always in the right place at the
right
time. I see the gardens
again. I see people making
gardens, living off the land, living off
of what they can have. I see gardens
again.
I'll not forget whenever the Lord showed
me all the
tractors, and there were tractors all
around, and
the fields were tilled but they were not
planted. There were the John
Deeres,
the major tractors, the combines; all of
them were standing idly still in
the
fields, and they weren't moving.
And I heard, "There's no water.
There's no water. There's no
water."But
this is like gardens again, like
homestead gardens.
Pray. We pray for divine wisdom for
Trump,
the Mississippi
River coming out of New
Orleans. I see the sycamores again.
I see the
barges. I see a lazy
barge. I see the sycamores; the trees
have
leaves. I see the sun. It's
in the afternoon,
maybe a little
later. That might be around five or six in the
afternoon.
It's right here,
shining
from the west. So in
the evening, it's shining on the trees. I
see the
shadows. They should watch the
Mississippi.
I don't know what year this is, so I
don't always try to tell you what I just
saw. It's the summer
months. It's the time of the
harvest. For
so much
pride, so much arrogance as they
stiff-neck
toward me and their noses are
turned toward
me. There's such a stiff-neckedness of
America. Pride has set
in.
But my
remnant, oh, the prayers from the
remnant!
But you say, "For what you're about to see,
is it God's judgment?"It's not his
judgment.
This is a getting of
attention. For many, many, many are
asleep. For many, many, many will soon
be
awake.
He
says, "I'm in San Francisco again. I'm
all the way up through the Cascadia
subduction zone, all the way
through British Columbia. I see it
again, clear as crystal,
Braden."Surely
all these things don't
happen at once, Father.
He's just highlighting these areas to
me
and then it just stops. It's like the
vision. It's almost like a
memory;
it flashes and I see the area, and
then it fades.
He's showing me these things that he
showed me over years, and I'm
like, "What in the world?
Thank you,
Lord. Thank you,
Father.
We glorify your
name,
Father."I
dance slow tonight,
folks, on purpose.
Get your houses in order.
He's given us a
window. Everything as you know it will
change. A humbling
will
come, a great shaking will
come.
Many won't receive it.
I just saw Noah's ark again. He says,
"Remember as in the days of Noah, Noah
warned them and warned them
what was coming. But then the
floodwaters
came.
The ark door is closing, and
many are not
on."Have
you
provided? Many people's faces come
before me right now.
Some things will not be prayed
away.
That's what he said.
Holy
Spirit, you are welcome in this
place.
An
omnipotent
Father of mercy and
grace, thou
art
welcome
in this
place. Holy
Spirit, I hear him. He said, "The cup of
sin is full. Don't you
see?"I
see the darkness upon their land.
It almost looks like black
tar. And in the midst of it, it's
splitting, and you can see
this red coming up from it. It's
like hell
itself. And it's cracking, and you can
see like lava coming up through this
black tar. And I'm looking over, and I
see San Francisco right
now. I see the coastline of Oregon. I
see Seattle. God, I see that this area
is full of
darkness. He said, "Many of you are in
Sodom and you don't even realize it,
for a great shaking is about to take
place. For the cup of sin is
full, and I am going to humble this
land. And out of it will come a great
revival, and out of it will come a
refreshing,
a great
revival."There's
a humbling
coming for the stiff-necked, for the nose
turned up toward me, and I will humble
this land from sea to
sea. For I would desire that not one
should perish, but all come to
repentance. But your attention is about
to be got.
Holy
Spirit, you are welcome in this
place.
The message will not be received in
many
churches. They're the problem.
The
press of the olive
press—many
don't like the
threshing
floor. Many don't like the press, but
press is coming.
And you say, "Does this have just to do
with
America?"No.
But
I'm
dealing with America and I'm dealing
with England. I see
England. He's dealing with Australia. He
will deal with these lands. Now, it's
interesting because they all have the
same kind of flags: red, white, blue. I
see
their flags come up before me.
I want to end this video right now.
I don't want to do
this
anymore.
Oh Father, we
repent. Get your house in
order. You say, "What does that
mean?"Well,
I don't know. What does that mean
for you?
I'm not your Holy Ghost. It's not
my responsibility for your house.
I feel his anger toward this, and
I tremble
inside.
Thank you, Father.
I know this video is
heavy for me—at least it is because I'm
carrying
it, and
I'm tired. I need to take a
break. I appreciate you all being here
today.
I truly don't know what to do
with it.
I just sit here in
the
quiet. Pushing through this is
very intense for me. If you
could just like the video, subscribe,
and
click the notification bell, we really
appreciate it.
I'm going to get off here.
I appreciate every single one
of you. God bless you
all. Remember, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love
you. Pray for
America.
Goodbye.